# HeadHunter 42 :construction_worker:

## What is it?

The 'HeadHunter 42' is an open source project from Codeminer 42
which pretends to help companies to organize and automate the
hiring process.

We are focused at first in solving our problem, but in a future maybe make the tool even more portable
and easy to use by any person out there!

## Dependencies

The application was created with the following environment:

- `Ruby 2.5.0`
- `Rails 5.1.6`
- `PostgreSQL 10.2`

###### Gems

The following gems were used in the project as well:

* gems pending

## How to setup?

1. First check if your Ruby, Rails and PostgresQL are matching the versions above and properly configured;

2. Then you can run:

  ```
  bin/setup
  ```

  All the required steps will be performed and then you can run your server:

  ```
  bundle exec rails server -p 3000 -b 0.0.0.0
  ```

  Then you can go to `localhost:3000` and you will see the project is up and running.

3. Remember, sometimes you will have to tweek the `config/database.yml` file to match your database configuration. If you get any errors related to the database configuration you can tweek your file and re-run the `bin/setup` command.

## How to setup using docker and docker-compose?

Presuming you have properly configured docker and docker-compose in your machine, first we need to enter the container:

```
docker-compose run --rm web bash
```

This command will pull/build all the necessary docker images, leaving you with a prompt.

Then we just need to run the setup command setting the docker env:

```
DOCKER_SETUP=true bin/setup
```

All the required steps will be performed and we just need to exit the container and start the process in daemon mode:

```
docker-compose up -d
```

Then you can go to `localhost:3000` and you will see the project is up and running.

## How to run the test suite?

1. Now just run `bundle exec rspec` and see the API being tested.

## How to deploy?

For the deploy we are using Heroku, and seeing how the application is behaving,
to deploy it on Heroku we can do the following command.

     heroku create

That will start a new Heroku repository for you. Don't worry about the name,
it's auto generated by Heroku.

Now, just put the following command on the terminal:

    git push heroku master

Done!, you master branch was sent to Heroku's repository and was deployed.

For additional information of how to deploy it's worth it visiting this [tutorial](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git#prerequisites-installing-git-and-the-heroku-cli)
made by Heroku. They explain with more details and different functionalities.

Remember to have a Heroku and Git installed and configured in your machine. You can
find information about that in [Heroku's website](https://www.heroku.com/) and at [Git's website](https://git-scm.com/).


## How to contribute with it?

If you want to contribute for the 'Headhunter 42', clone the project GitLab repository with the following:

```git clone https://gitlab42.com/marclerodrigues/Headhunter42```

Create a new branch and make your contributions, after push to the created branch and
request the merge. You code will be revised and merged with the master branch if
no modification is needed.

## Project's Guide Lines

### Describing a Pull request

1. Describe what was done in your branch.
2. Add task link
3. If you have UI changes in your PR. Take a screenshot of the changes and add to the PR.

### How to name a branch

1. Prefix the name of the brach with the type of the story you are working.

    1. If you are configuring the Gemfile for example. branch -> config/Gemfile

    2. If you are creating a new feature called User. branch -> feature/User

    3. If you are creating a new feature under a namescope, lets's say Admin::User. brach -> feature/admin/user
